---



layout: post

title: 2015





---



It's been a while since I posted something here and since I got a new job/trainee position (spoilers alert) I think it would be wise to start posting more and more, started with the recap of 2015



I would like to say that 2015 was not an easy year for me, some people say 25 years of age is the age when you encounter your quarter life crisis and that was obviously true for me but I can finally say that I made it!



Here is a quick recap of my 2015.

- January, making New Year's resolutions.

- February, Turning 25.

- January-June, sending lots of applications and went to a handful of interviews.

- June 29th, First day of work as an ERP & Report Developer in Liljendal (80km from Helsinki)

- October, So close yet so far from getting a BI-consultant position.

- June-December, Worked as an ERP & Report Developer and drove 160km each day to and from work.

- December, Nailed a job/trainee position in Big Data and Business Intelligence.



I am beyond grateful and happy for what I have earned and learned during 2015 and as my stepfather keeps telling me "life is a learning curve" and I am pretty sure that I will continue learning.



My new job focuses on Data Analytics which has been my passion for quite a long time, it has 12 training days which is really cool because I can learn and improve my skills with the help of great teachers and my own mentor.



One thing for sure is I will not waste this opportunity and as my good friend/Strict Guru would say **FOCUS**



I will utilize this github as my learning diaries so stay tune!
Feel free to comment below!



AHW.

<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script type="text/javascript">
    /* * * CONFIGURATION VARIABLES * * */
    var disqus_shortname = 'arintole';
    
    /* * * DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE * * */
    (function() {
        var dsq = document.createElement('script'); dsq.type = 'text/javascript'; dsq.async = true;
        dsq.src = '//' + disqus_shortname + '.disqus.com/embed.js';
        (document.getElementsByTagName('head')[0] || document.getElementsByTagName('body')[0]).appendChild(dsq);
    })();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript" rel="nofollow">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>
